Dashuai uses the key to deal with it.
This is a message from Dashuai's subordinate
Let him help you investigate the case
Where did the hairy boy come from?
If the boss doesn't want to help
You don't have to wait.
My 10-year-old superintendent has no clue
He can. It's a homicide
Dead person
I advise you to go home
Lest you see the corpse later
Scared diaper
Shame you stop
Who gave you the courage?
How dare you stop Detective 5, Lord Song Chang'an
Lord Wu
What detective five
Isn't he just a stinky boy?
Bastard blind your dog eyes
Yesterday
The unsolved case of the ghost bride that even Lao Long can't do anything about
Exactly what this gentleman broke
Led by the military advisor Wu Laogou
Meet the five detectives, Lord Song
You're welcome, the commander is afraid that you will be stopped by the superintendent
Specially sent me to assist you?
Master Wu, he is the student of the five detectives
Lord Song, these corpses
Lord Song, you must be mentally prepared
These corpses die strangely
Enough to move again
Ghosts and ghosts
What the hell
Ah, cheating corpse